OSDOCS-16614: Documented VIP optional with user-managed LB feature (#104065)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-example-nmstate-IP-management.adoc

* Configure a static DNS without a network interface. Note that when updating the `/etc/resolv.conf` file on a host node, you do not need to specify an interface, IPv4 or IPv6, in the `NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy` (NNCP) manifest.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> During pod creation, Kubernetes uses the `/etc/resolv.conf` file that exists on a node. If you modify the `/etc/resolv.conf` file on a host node, the changes do not propagate to the `/etc/resolv.conf` file that exists in a container. You must recreate the container for changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During pod creation, Kubernetes uses the `/etc/resolv.conf` file that exists on a node. If you modify the `/etc/resolv.conf` file on a host node, the changes do not propagate to the `/etc/resolv.conf` file that exists in a container. You must re-create the container for changes to take effect.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
